blog: added hacktoberfest post by Marcy (#18324)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/blog/2019-10-08-hacktoberfest-2019/index.md

- Spanish repo: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-es
- Russian repo: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-ru
- New translation repo request: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/new?template=feature_request.md

### [OSS][oss]

Make OSS contributions to Gatsby plugins, transformers and core by searching [OSS Hacktoberfest issues][oss].

[oss]: https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Hacktoberfest%22+-label%3A%22type%3A+documentation%22+

### Ecosystem

Learn how to contribute to the Gatsby Ecosystem (starter library, site showcase, themes and plugin library, etc.) by reading the doc on [Community Contributions](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/community-contributions/). You can gain credit for both Hacktoberfest and Gatsby swag by submitting a PR with your Gatsby project to the starter library or site showcase in this repo. You can also check out issues labeled with [ecosystem](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AHacktoberfest+label%3A%F0%9F%8E%AFEcosystem+) to get Hacktoberfest credit!

> For plugins and themes, we can provide Gatsby swag (we're still exploring what we can do for Hacktoberfest credit). To qualify, open an issue with "Hacktoberfest contribution" in the title, a description of your plugin or theme, and a link to the published npm package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatsby [plugins](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/creating-plugins/) and [themes](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/themes/building-themes/) [published with the necessary files](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/submit-to-plugin-library/) can also count toward Hacktoberfest credit and earn Gatsby swag. This post will list all plugins created during Hacktoberfest: create your own and add it here in a Pull Request to get credit!
```

> Gatsby [plugins](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/creating-plugins/) and [themes](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/themes/building-themes/) [published with the necessary files](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/submit-to-plugin-library/) can also count toward Hacktoberfest credit and earn Gatsby swag. This post will list all plugins created during Hacktoberfest: create your own and add it here in a Pull Request to get credit!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatsby [plugins](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/creating-plugins/) and [themes](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/themes/building-themes/) (a type of plugin) [published with the necessary files](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/submit-to-plugin-library/) can also count toward Hacktoberfest credit and earn Gatsby swag. This post will list all plugins created during Hacktoberfest: create your own and add it here in a Pull Request to get credit!
```
